as promised it's time to meet when the
luckiest and unluckiest people in the
United States of America his name is
Dylan McWilliams he's 20 years old and
in the past three years Dylan has been
attacked by every animal on Noah's Ark
he joins us tonight to share his
harrowing tales hello Dylan how you
doing good so you look good you look
okay let's start with September 2015
you're hiking and what happens in during
that hike walking along and I thought I
kicked a cactus I looked down and I saw
a coiler rattlesnake it didn't even
rattle nothing but luckily it gave me a
dry bite and I didn't get very sick I
did throw it once but I ended up hiking
out yeah a dry bite is when there's no
poison in its mouth yeah 60% of
rattlesnake bites are dry bites oh so
then that happened to you and and you
survived that obviously then last July
you're camping in Colorado and you're
sleeping right you're sleeping out in
the in the wood yeah yeah and what
happens I woke up at 4:00 in the morning
into a crunch and the bear was hasn't
had my head and was dragging me out of
my sleeping bag and Ossipee around a
little bit and I just started like
poking the eyes punch it in the face and
it dropped me and I was able to crawl
back and wake the people I was up with
they were there you literally poked the
bear yeah in the eye is that what you're
supposed to do what bears biting you I
don't know
there are a lot of very gruesome photos
of this but this one is reasonably I
mean this is serious this is not this is
no joke so so then you go to the hot
right to the hospital or were you out in
the middle of nowhere I was it took the
ambulance 45 minutes to get to me and
then another 45 minutes down to the
hospital so I was there a little while
Wow so now tell us what happened two
weeks ago in Hawaii I was surfing I was
paddling out I was so excited I caught
one wave the waves were good and I was
going out to get another one and I felt
something hit my leg I started looking
around and there's blood in the water
and I felt some pain so I'm looking
around there's a six or seven foot tiger
shark underneath me and I was like holy
smokes I just got bit by a shark I said
sure have you considered the possibility
that maybe you're delicious so we have
photos of the shark attack to again you
really this is no no little thing you
got you how bad I did how much does that
hurt I mean it didn't hurt right away
but afterwards it hurt pretty good I
mean I had stitches it was pretty deep
but luckily it didn't hit any tendons or
ligaments or nothing so I got lucky
again and how is your Hawaii trip
otherwise it was great I know someone
calculated the odds of you being
attacked by all three of these dangerous
animals what are those odds do you know
yeah National Geographic did the segment
and they said the odds of it happening
to one person we're 893 quadrillion to
one
so so are you are you in your house
permanently now do you go outside
anymore
definitely not I'm like I'll be back out
living living on the edge pushing
everything to the limit like living the
crazy adventurous life Wow
you will not rest until you are attacked
by every animal on the planet well thank
you Dylan I hope if this doesn't get you
a show on like Animal Planet or
something I don't know of anything we'll
all right Dylan McWilliams from Colorado
he's hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am NOT
allowed to eat this cookie until you
click the subscribe button so please
click now I'm hungry